[Music]
you are about to be part of an
experiment that will change the very
nature of humanity this can't be good
this represents a new level of mutant
ability
unleash
so you guys from Jersey someday you
would be great beaches trying to put our
training that you've what training you
guys have been training
we're getting nowhere fighting these
guys hey yo how about we take the glowy
ones okay guys this is our moment
boy
[Music]
[Laughter]
yeah
[Music]
Yellow Submarine are we clear
affirmative Red Rover copy right boys
it's go time
[Music]
[Applause]
you must be this rat to ride that ride
based on our velocity and entry angle
I concur bad couldn't it done it without
J bro our girl with the plan and keys to
the roof
let's go bungee dunk on the hoops a
truck a park just one thing first
wet floor and dry pool I'll work it down
here
you